docs: parsing does not support non-standard JTD keywords (#2072)
epoberezkin/ajv: docs/json-type-definition.md

It is strongly recommended to only use it to simplify migration from JSON Schema to JTD and not to use non-standard keywords in the new schemas, as these keywords are not supported by any other tools.
:::

> ::: warning Parsing with non-standard JTD keywords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning Parsing does NOT support non-standard JTD keywords
```

> ::: warning Non-standard JTD keywords
> If you need to use non-standard JTD keywords, you would have to parse using JSON.parse and then validate separately.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning Parsing with non-standard JTD keywords
compileParser method does not support non-standard JTD keywords, you will have to use JSON.parse and then validates.
:::
```
